# You can specialize this file for each language.
# For example, for French create a messages.fr file
#
crud.users.list.title = Manage Users
crud.users.staff.add = Add Staff &raquo;
crud.users.staff.show.title = Manage - Staff
crud.users.staff.show.title = Edit - Staff
crud.users.staff.delete = Delete - Staff
crud.users.staff.blank.title = Add - Staff
crud.users.admin.add = Add Admin &raquo;
crud.users.admin.show.title = Manage - Admin
crud.users.admin.show.title = Edit - Admin
crud.users.admin.delete = Delete - Admin
crud.users.admin.blank.title = Add - Admin
crud.dutys.blank.title = Add - Duty
crud.dutys.list.title = Manage - Duties
crud.dutys.show.title = Add - Duty
crud.dutys.add = Add Duty &raquo;
crud.dutys.blank.title = Add Duty
crud.times.list.title = Manage Times
crud.times.staff.add = Capture Time &raquo;
crud.times.blank.title = Capture Time

email=Email&nbsp;&nbsp;:&nbsp;&nbsp;
password=Password&nbsp;&nbsp;:&nbsp;&nbsp;
firstName=First Name&nbsp;&nbsp;:&nbsp;&nbsp;
lastName=Last Name&nbsp;&nbsp;:&nbsp;&nbsp;
dob=DOB&nbsp;&nbsp;:&nbsp;&nbsp;
isAdmin=Admin&nbsp;&nbsp;:&nbsp;&nbsp;
duties=Duties&nbsp;&nbsp;:&nbsp;&nbsp;
name=Name&nbsp;&nbsp;:&nbsp;&nbsp;
